feat: Introduce lastSync start position to AWS CloudWatch input backed by state registry (#43251)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-aws-cloudwatch.md

### `start_position` [_start_position]

> `start_position` allows user to specify if this input should read log files from the `beginning`, `end` or from the last known successful sync (`lastSync`).

Author: Added through https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/43251/commits/7713b939a8ca491716fd9aa59cf2d883824d792d

> * `beginning`: Reads from the beginning of the log group (default).

Author: Added through https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/43251/commits/7713b939a8ca491716fd9aa59cf2d883824d792d

* `end`: Read only new messages from current time minus `scan_frequency` going forward
* `lastSync`: Read messages starting from the last known sync time if available. If there is no last known sync, then

>   falls back to beginning (default mode). This value is stored in the registry, so it persists across restarts.

Author: Added through https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/43251/commits/7713b939a8ca491716fd9aa59cf2d883824d792d

> For example, with `scan_frequency: 30s` and if the current timestamp is `2020-06-24 12:00:00`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in the case where `scan_frequency: 30s` and the current timestamp is `2020-06-24 12:00:00`:
```

Author: Added through https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/43251/commits/7713b939a8ca491716fd9aa59cf2d883824d792d

> * When `start_position: beginning`, reading starts from the earliest possible timestamp of unix epoch zero value,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If `start_position: beginning`, reading starts from the earliest possible timestamp of unix epoch zero value:
```

Author: Added through https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/43251/commits/7713b939a8ca491716fd9aa59cf2d883824d792d

>     * First read: startTime=0, endTime=2020-06-24 12:00:00

Author: Added through https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/43251/commits/7713b939a8ca491716fd9aa59cf2d883824d792d

    * Next read: startTime=2020-06-24 12:00:00, endTime=2020-06-24 12:00:30

> * When `start_position: end`, reading starts with a look back equals to the `scan_frequency`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If `start_position: end`, reading starts with a look back that equals the `scan_frequency`:
```

Author: Added through https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/43251/commits/7713b939a8ca491716fd9aa59cf2d883824d792d

    * First read: startTime=2020-06-24 11:59:30, endTime=2020-06-24 12:00:00

>     * Next read: startTime=2020-06-24 12:00:00, endTime=2020-06-24 12:00:30

Author: Added through https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/43251/commits/7713b939a8ca491716fd9aa59cf2d883824d792d
